42.0.1 bump (#10252)
pyca/cryptography: CHANGELOG.rst

Changelog
=========

.. _v42-0-1:

42.0.1 - 2024-01-24
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> * Fixed an issue with incorrect ``kwarg`` naming with ``EllipticCurvePrivateKey``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue with incorrect keyword-argument naming with ``EllipticCurvePrivateKey``
```
